Add documentation for pipeline WebSocket API (#1722)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/voice/pipelines/index.md

---
title: "Pipelines"
---

> A pipeline runs the common steps of a [voice assistant](https://next.home-assistant.io/integrations/voice_assistant):

Reviewer: don't forget to update this link when we release.

1. Speech to text
2. Intent recognition
3. Text to speech

Pipelines are run via a WebSocket API:

```json
{
  "type": "voice_assistant/run",
  "language": "en-US"
}
```

The following input fields are available:

| Name              | Type   | Description                                                                            |
|-------------------|--------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `intent_input`    | string | Required. Input text to process.                                                       |

> | `language`        | string | Optional. Langauge of pipeline to run (default: configured language).                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `language`        | string | Optional. Language of pipeline to run (default: configured language in HA).                  |
```

> | `pipeline`        | string | Optional. Name of a pipeline to run (default: use language).                           |

Reviewer: Should this be name or ID?

```suggestion
| `pipeline`        | string | Optional. Name of a pipeline to run (default: use first one that matches specified language).                           |
```
